maybe
baby like this she told me that's her
name and she is from London total she is
a day that works for every girl are the
girls Beyonce she said stop wear that
stupid stuff Louis today I got my own
palace no buses freaking lame she got
super happy she's right through my
stupid games
I tried maneuver to a hot wet on my
celly heel my sister thought security if
she gets us intruder and she can sense
that I was intruding I kind of get the
sense this girl is confusing she said I
was not amusing me you and I for Less
you don't recruit it's a little team I
am now ain't the type below for you only
owe y'all ways wants to meet this take
out boy that's paid out I'm not a Juliet
homeboy that place our backup boy I got
a switch play that take it out
I walk away so surprised who was that
girl in the last on my last none of them
she was right yeah I tried so hard I
forgot I was lying the overlying theme
is seeing her like
and my dream safer between and was not
as a seer she wasn't no damsel in
distress consumer being alone into
dancing in a dress that was long enough
to cover short enough to make you
guessing I was young enough to one
though that nothing get annexed and that
was the curve on my shirt I got a shirt
don't deserve her shares more of a
doublets a burn she's always / to take a
better bird she left me where started I
pray I never see you again I hope we
never ever meet her again
shake a bad chick a bit but she could be
bad she could be bad back in there